# speech
Who Am I     
It’s my honor to make a speech here! Today, my topic is “who am I”, so let me talk about myself. My English name is Andy, I give myself the name because of a movie, “The Shawshank Redemption”, the leading role—Andy, I really appreciate his persistence and faith in hope. He tells us that “Fear can hold you prisoner. But hope can set you free”.
    This is really a wonderful movie! So, you must have known that I’m fond of watching movies. Exactly. Because it can always bring me into different situation, as long as you put your heart and soul into the movie, you can experience different wonderful life. Even though that is unreal, I can always gain something new, that may be what the director wants to express, such as the hope, the love, the family and so on.
In addition to the wonderful movies, the delicious food is also essential in my life. I also like cooking. Because creating nice things is really exciting. More important is that my family love the food I cook. Nothing could be better than bringing happiness to your family. Right? Generally speaking, at weekends, I will cook new dishes according to the APP—Xiachufang, I’m sure someone of you must used it. Recently, I successfully learned to cook a delicious steamed fish head with peppers, my family love eating it, and they said that this year, it can be the main course of the New Year’s Eve dinner. That is a big encouragement for me.  And it may continue drives me to try more new dishes.
So I have been trying new things all the time. For example, AI(artificial intelligence), the new popular technology. Talking about AI, I’d like to share my work content briefly. As I said before, I’m mainly responsible for cost saving projects, however most of the projects focus more on employees’ activities. Such as eliminate the waste time, improve the work efficiency. In a factory, we know that, in nowadays, the AI technology is replacing the employees’ job. So in the future, if no need for the operators, what should I do？ It means I will lose my job. So I try to learn new technology to strength myself, make an enough preparation for future.
So that is me, who like trying new things. In recent years, I’m keen on jogging. ·I usually choose to jog at forest park. I prefer to jog outside rather than in the treadmill machine. Do you know why? Because no matter how far I run outside, I need to persist to go back home in the end, but in the treadmill machine it is easy to give up after some distance.  Do you agree with me？ Actually speaking, I enjoy jogging, because it can speed up the blood in my body, so I can always keep energetic to meet new challenges. Besides, I think jogging is the best way to try to break through yourself.  I remember at first, I can only run for 3 km, then I felt exhausted. It seemed a hard thing for me. Later, I tried further distance, 5 km, 7 km, then 10 km. now it is easy for me to run for 15 km, I feel very excited about my endurance, before this, I never thought I could jog so far.
So, in my opinion, life is just like jogging, it is really a process of self-growth and self-discovery.  Just try new things, try new distance, because the further you walk, the more true self you will meet. That’s all, thank you!
